my felipe g martins one of the international policy actions of that
little bit about it this black blocs movement is five leaves são paulo o
29 right this is what they black box change sides of the same is better terrorism
regret we did not manage to stay as terrorism your actions in the past
because it came from the time of the government, right and put a comma saying that
except the social groups you are not the three of us here only with the ones on the plane
and terrorism but ours how to set fire we are going to say that we are of the same not
there is a problem he has this one tries to release it’s released it’s different it’s different it’s
and I'm just going to quickly I like it here afterwards let's get into the subject more
important isn't it also important that I call the third wave in
first hour of the collection of the virus the second attention and the third these
terrorist groups but now the stones here in Brazil are a quick thing
curiosity is not for my side here gilson ax will introduce you there for you
but we don’t put it here because otherwise I would be a lot of people and one day I would fall
audience not because of gilson on radio fernando for the big head
with this woman from Ceará, so here to talk to us because about tourism, right?
he just told people that the navy approved 121 points years for
diving where you will practice spearfishing ok or even splendor or
still right at these points you can practice fishing here these points in
somewhere or you will be allocated a vessel there and if you are free from wagons of
aircraft train the talk time the
curiosity, right, is obviously the hotter the water is, the more it attracts the
so northeastern tourist are 39 points in pernambuco and a little bit there so now
also the video of the wife Alagoas 19 from Bahia
and in the southeast we have 13 in the river and 5 in são paulo in the south in santa catarina 62
after and the df here on lake paranoá missed here region for the north region
some states it is cold for the next phase every day for the northern region and
second phase there will be another quantity approximately right that's it guys
everything that happens here is already leased geographically until the navy has already
approved it is just a post close to the fourth obviously it is also in the center
geographic is student live direction of hotel be the hotel graph right
approximately to help exactly that the cover of the first one is me
I thought so much all year long that it’s only going to fish the feet get better and then it brings
job also the guy will put the compressor down there to fill
cylinder bottle is going to have this is official what is natural from to stimulate the
tourism and make the money moved inside congratulations to gilson da embratur and
it starts things start the street and finish being able to you who are talking
understood now in september we are going to inaugurate the two were after the year
past that these points were chosen according to the sensations and
divers dive so the dash is player did the course of
dive in 1985 in the gbs search and rescue group there in rio de janeiro
was the captain here talita at the time and lieutenant souza daughter the sergeant goes 13
pavarel interest captains do one of the question course is not
and I remember the flat electrical apnea of ​​the building falling on its feet fixed the two
ankles back then I use them down here called bring them but what
he changed his name now we’re going to finish the horse the plagues he’s going
take in the donkey cumbuco as the best of the calcaneal the animal but if you as well
the radio club spent the second is mine and down you veterinarian the
ah it's the message here it's ok it's a news here just hit me right no
leave it there you are not here I was not going to be suspending right guiding the
suspension of the hydroxychloroquine tests that I'm
immediately third avenue was the party
killing more looks made one of those differences larinha is called coca-cola right
there in manaus pick up people who are already in a serious condition, right and quite elderly and gave the
dose three or four times over the limit obviously the man without percent the
another one that was not complemented right then it turns the error and now the ms
said again that it can continue right the result to continue the protocols is
research on hydroxychloroquine odelete says that you allow me to
I think it is important we are and this decision by the STF is based on a
study published in the lancet magazine of a very prestigious magazine and only that
no one appeared there nor did the studies of speaking and anyone who in that
would encounter a series of problems a series of methodological flaws and everything
more and you and your supporters pointed out these flaws and when they did
this when called upon the science of negationists and now we were in the
true the earth planet earth hard and this for you do not want to want colastrina
people he what happens I know I didn't know the guy said he is for
now believe it’s just that the doctor’s not the parachutist does a lot of things
in the choke you know a lot of things in this okay I always said that there is proof
but there is no other remedy, right? What would the new remedy be?
chloroquine and what I say you don't want to take don't sleep put no problem
I will not force you to speak if you are a certain age
and get the virus you will stay there in the hospital there maybe it has to be
intubated and who knows you know the number of people that ciça was not so
big like that then people on the side and not taking age and disease into account right
how to give me this chance to put it is very small now we have reports that
a lot of people saying they felt good after taking the hydroxychloroquine that
to take it does not want to do not disturb who wants to take it after all right
you are playing with the lives of others on top there is a chance that the person will
cure with colatin lets regret the pressure of 10 days or 12 some
were a senator from pt filed a petition at tcu for
stop the protocol of the general and it is easy for him that our interim minister
sandra, what’s the point of this, there’s something else okay, you can deliver to
will but he has no let and will take take it is he who decides the
his future I say to you my mother is 93 years old has five more
siblings everyone is warned already if she has a problem, get a doctor there who has
a lot of favorable doctor regarding her she will take creatine I will not
leaving my mother is to heal alone at this age, right and very debilitated
physically present it is also worth saying that all these studies they seem to be
done in bad faith all medical researchers who lego the effectiveness of
hydroxychloroquine he said the following needs to be done in combination with
azithromycin in combination with zinc in the first five days these people I
early use all of these studies escape the test of that connection ie whether they
they really want to demonstrate effective I don’t need to test the one that’s
being supported by the various protocols are being applied here in Brazil by
example to prevent senior in others who have already
the chief is breaking a record of cured patients but he always runs away
the tangent increases a dose and do not add azithromycin or put it there
already in intubated people as your good said is yesterday a motorbike circulated without the
knowledge of health maize allowing there I loose and and taking into account
in view of the pandemic situation that Galilean obviously noted, right, it has already been detected
with the person who made the note it seems it was in bad faith to apologize the
language to make fun of even the note circulated and the manager I am against the
abortion as far as it depends on me will have no taste in regard to the conversation proof of the
ours underneath difficult to see a meter and then I complete and whether or not the
I veto this note now, she was unaware of the public health environment
and eduardo passed an error contact us last night we did a little
tin cans ignorance and says we did then another fake news is all the time
people trying to overthrow us and the people inside the ministry of health
published in published there you found it in the morning but it's a story here but not
was obliged and doing it was also upset with what he works with
Sunday to Sunday and it obviously gets in the way of us going
fake news is a lie okay okay so the abortion collection of
independent republic of my bic pen has no sanction for good nor do i have
facilitation of abortion by the Ministry of Health and
to decide the game paulo guedes right we practically finished paying the second
installment r $ 600 congratulations paulo guedes team is that i'm going to see i'm the
federal savings bank also that beat a record 50 million people
most of them had never had a bank account that
people usually call the invisibles and it has become so much a rule of time
register the contour 50 thousand people will know that we know that some still
are waiting for one is entitled others do not have an error the sure all our
or if the person who filled out just your wrong form there and I work manual
there are a few million and I work by hand and the cashiers work Monday
to saturday with this is the pressure is just resting is to sleep because she
soon you will be able to see the people I send only were left out but
50 minutes ago I answered if more or less six million just in analysis and
ow essentials reached there everyone has a special northeastern city that he is
more money goes to Ana much more than the family allowance that we don’t
take our family and then end up receiving the 608 who receives the scholarship
family has a complement to reach six years and look at the news the news
from the são paulo sheet job there look at the news look the rascal cannot be missing
thing and call it was your possession a new one praise daughter say a one
internal headline the first article saying that I took money from the scholarship
family to give for official propaganda of the plan being where the são paulo is
it's your hate
and we’re spending about two 10 forcing it to spend we can
previous now this accusation a person who is at the fair has people in
queue has but has a detail who's in the queue won the real certainty
this is what it is what it was just look just learn to learn to tire of talking here
on TV with her man and make one have the decency that can be talking has so much in
queue more were provided with essential emergency assistance if they had in the
registered already had real elements would be much easier than the difference with 600
because all the time hitting ok you want to overthrow the government you want
you who have helped so much do if you do, right now the name of fantasy of black
blocs you want to return from the riot in Brazil those that do not stimulate near
next year more the riot looks at google the coverage of the globe at that moment
that are in black after black here but here is the head that will call
it's coincidence here my father is not black here so it was são paulo one more
once again a lie in terms of here is the family grant to give for advertising
official I think I will announce the form also in this garbage newspaper I do not
buy everything you don't yet if i make a point of not buying it i hope
that the people but he doesn’t buy, I don’t know in front of São Paulo or how
entrepreneurs do not advertise in newspapers or television
criticism no i will waste you more time with
things são paulo leaf days i don't know what i'm doing here that leaf day
I don’t get all this was to lose to any you already put the
cable daciolo screen here will even have come back that if these people who thought
and do not lose by cabo daciolo with all due respect to cabo daciolo
there the deco
I want to see that tourism leaves here 23,500 Brazilians have already been repatriated who
were abroad reason for here usually street is chartered by the government and
by the ministry of foreign affairs and the evening participates earlier goes some
as if i'm not mistaken here in peru were air force plane is inclusive
here is the one from china not from china it was in the beginning the pandemic takes a god from here
ok there were four air force aircraft right and the corporate card used my
to pay for a series then it comes that I’m king seven million in 3 months 4 on the card
thinking that I was using this money so I don't know why the
repetition having that expenses varied delivery expenses to the interior of the
land makes the fuel the expense here is his name
I was without my security person daily here you think you are
very easy to give no problem no ok just put it on
comment think that password gives you a lot for decade two then delete this
private conversation to answer and the são paulo sheet and an extra card that
I can withdraw 24 at the beginning, this bill is always a withdrawal from the cashier's mouth
he puts it in his pocket here I drink coca cola there the pepsi-cola garapa
sugar cane juice that comes here comes that comes to understand you can also be
that guy here is the guy that I don’t know tapioca tapioca and I don’t spend
absolutely nothing since january to pass I didn't get anything ok
we have 10 million ready to pick up the rest of the Brazilian already
through it p9073 1907 plus ten general minutes for the implementation of the cars
Brazilians, it is also worth mentioning that this operation is the largest
of repression in the history of Brazil has never before had such an effort to
bring the Brazilians to not leave anyone behind we know that still
has about three months with yours abroad but Brazil is feeling ok
a large demonstration has several much richer more powerful ones that have not yet
managed to do what we are doing a huge effort from the staff
then yours from the tourism staff and above all from
the itamaraty consulate several volunteers who brought there almost 24 months
Brazilian already home to be here for their family right now
difficult president is not equivalent to tourism oms is to mt and he cited the
Brazil as an example of approaching the tourism crisis today our country that is coming
we have jobs were lost in the tourism cases in worlds going to cheer for
let it gilson ok come on guys it’s last year I was at the house in front
here carlos tiago de amorim has 96 years of giving I went there that her opponent
it's just missing from social networks it's a birthday day wanted me to go there
so I went we did a little video at the time now because I'm quoting Carlos
santiago de amorim that always the second world war was 39 to 45 right
Brazil later entered the war but had and was decisive in the fields of
battle of italy what he fought nazi-fascism nazism and fascism
those who do not know what fascism is then keep talking here accusing the other of
patience become similar because we are very simple fascism is the opposite of
his tarcízio government advocates knows great social control of the media to
catching a motto for perhaps more consecrated fascism is all at
state everything in the state nothing out of the state you have been defending what
return initiative to society more brazil - brasília privatization of
economic liberation or is the exact opposite of what you different and what
they use terminology just a linguistic trick there a ruse that
he always taps people who are looking to say favorable to
democracy and accuse others because they are accuse others who are
it’s an old tactic it’s in some countries like this it’s named
gender democracy there are several one that Germany's democratic last
there are several different dictatorships that call themselves democratic republics and if
we just go by the terminology so we will believe that one to be the
equality if democracy means equality or without reason but you didn't take
in the misery misery I just went back to talk about 70 80 of that started to these
issues is from brazil glass i said we are going to take care of lives the weapons we are going
worrying about some job ok eternal father want more I found try for
percent of the population was against me that used that maxim right is in
home economics you regain life not now folks know it's effect
collateral every medicine you take has side effect if too much can be
until death take care of life yes now the unemployment collection has increased by a lot
in Brazil, you know, calling the informal psol without an employee
boy informed me that he worked with 38 million they had their income reduced
some went to zero who sells globe biscuit on copacabana beach or
in barra da tijuca nobody sells so much it is hunted globe biscuit left this guy
with his schedule being that he billed him 2000 of the month spent doing who is
that sells mate there mô in the football stadium will see there in arruda arruda
advertise the legs pernambuco in the rue there so the game there from your bag today
holy cross and quick that we you will not then that guy who sells there kill a
anything in his cart went to zero that guy who sells there
cat barbecue in the same price square and spent
and slept comet see maybe for 200 and so it was second will have in america's
south right this is just lost eighty percent of your income not that records
the 2000 war went up to 400 on average smart
the street and these people are that this program
government that your money is not mine known as a voucher corona or
emergency aid and 600 is already matheus you personal essentials I know it's not
a lot goes i can't see ya
ip you will pay the rent you will not pay
electricity rent will not pay in the region there is no way to pay anyone
is encouraging not to pay there was no way to pay ok we had an aid
for these people, giving a limit of 180 this energy bill with the
here is the federal government there is garbage for you to say animal I'm going to pay for that there
many measures have been taken by the government to aid micro and small
small businesses also don't know central surpasses so far
more than 600 billion and the government spent put ships imagine if it could spend
600 billion with health as a whole you would do all the details brazil
I don’t know why it’s proven but not feasible for
to be champion in this matter of using public money, right?
andrade council ok it was hundreds of billions of reais for health states
and municipalities some months municipality some state used only adequately
goes with others not a pleasure for operation there in Rio de Janeiro irregular
but imagine 600 billion who was going to buy wonderful health supplies
I would be in the hospitals, right, but it's okay, so we're doing
I can play a part I cannot dictate a policy so that states and
municipalities is a better attack on this collection of viruses that are the responsibility of
exclusive of governors and mayors well right governors here for the love of
god but still running after people in
and I think it was foreseen today is the general advocacy of the union in the predicted is
I know what the technical term looks like, it’s favorable that its the beach, right?
I know the interest will be in the detail of the vitamin D you take takes you win
more than 15 taking only water ice will get into that there understood life maybe
speak the ministry of health goes to say that it is the beach ok she can
being I feel that depending on the union can only interpret it so if someone enters the
justice from tomorrow you are published today or tomorrow that similar
we will already have the union already know that the federal government is going to be the favor pillar
again that person is to go to the beach now the judge there from each city you know
will receive these these va these madara security who will decide if the
john can go to the beach or not i don't see anything too much for the beach until ask
one and takes the people with board in the
beach one now lets you catch these measures are adopted by the respective
governors and mayors and the second supreme federal court does not compete there
is to decide this issue is something even more present about the
Santos follows are using this terminology I think the important thing to
people to point out every Brazilian met in 2013 the black blocs that were
responsible for a major riot broke everything vandalism aggression and even
even the death of a cameraman if you remember she uses january was the
santiago santiago da bandeirantes used some mattresses there some
explosive and ended up murdering that person who at the time did not have
clear commotion but no one criticized the vandals who were doing there
that whereas today any criticism that is made press already has it
a big a big drill the big complaint in contrast to that
happened at that moment even immediately do not speak party there is no
problem in justice right everything has to prove but they will appear immediately
two lawyers to defend those two
the protesters so that when launching the rocket burst on the naked nape of the santiago is
journalist who died for him and his family I thought he was a lawyer
who's paying you doing it here at the hospital and
I'll even bring only more about complementing so what's the trick here
and claim to be anti-fascist because evidently everyone is opposed to
make it easy to say anti-racism before you for anything you say that
be a bad thing the person already speaks pow I can't stand against this group
because you put me against that group i'm going to be fascist so they do
this all with the words more tricks and their methodologies are exactly the
same in the black blocs see for example what is happening in the united states the
their terrorist activities they have committed acts of vandalism against
synagogues that is to say showing a clear position against the Jews as
Germany's fascists in the past for example they have vandalized numbers
private property of other blacks and have already reached the height of
assassinate some blacks including a retired colonel who will do security
card of the capital claimed to make the security of one is
the [ __ ] also has to die the videos of black women of black men of
black transsexuals and those like to talk so much about the improvements showing there
o the balance of these acts of vandalism broke down looted stores looted
establishments leaving these people practically would do most of them not
will be covered by insurance, that is, every trick they use they use to say
that there is a concern with blacks is false that it is concerned in fact with the
blacks is police who are protecting their establishment is police who are
there defending these people so that they are not attacked or
murdered but they use this trick for me to lord the people who
we are watching at home I was afraid to put myself against them because the
we do this I say look you see this way we do it they put
against us soon he is does it so it is what jesus in the center if he is
against us here he is racist already does that with the people who are at home
can't fall for this trick which most will not fall for already learn
the list back in 2013 and how much the company was telling you it was all
peaceful your part of the company on that land a legal part of them this
then watch them for a few seconds and use maria I think we
we do transmitting the broadcast here a hug was curious that your profile
now you’re going to change the arcade there using the present surgery, okay, congratulations to
her for the exemption from the journalistic work of you so just so as not to
generalize there is a very clear difference there that it is too much to talk about your
to the movements this card in são paulo even had to vote for the senator from pará
clapping right candidate for the next day in paraná and it doesn’t work it’s not
and the guys were there playing his role selling terrorism unfortunately not
here is to stay with a theory is not that it took off if that of the organization in the
past and we have yet to believe that there is a having difficulty approving the
project in that sense for sure and we respect the law the laws they don't they
they do everything outside the law do everything they can and everything is beautiful right and on the other hand not
so it is expected to imagine in the face I think it is sleeping there was no corn is charged
I never put anybody in any movement. No, I'm not on the third day of my life.
social life I thank all those who participated in what the movements is
patriotic the current year is in the mentally the other for a track there
but weird has nothing to do with democracy but it's his right too
the track comes back there is the noise that makes what, right now
Sunday now these people are scheduling at the moment I do not speak I ask all those
you can follow and do not participate in that moment is stay at home go
look close but don't need to let him use it show let me show
only them, right, what is democracy for that? I’m not hoping to have
break-break not but history in the days that these black outcasts here
good with english punch with dagger with iron bar the molotof cocktail usually
he always asks what in the banks small train stations and other things more
understood is obviously and I don't want to talk about what makes you sure right the power
of your power and with you the governors are you committed to the democracy of
truth for the construction of the laws with the family a kiss of the population is if
preparing to see how to act if these people
personal another pass there ó the limit of the present rationality two observations
about you didn’t comment on the tracks that appeared there in the demonstrations
for the government and for part of the press as you said it was enough to have a
track a track over there giving 5 defending article142 they condemned all
movement condemned all the people on the street saying they were all
anti-democratic now we see a different attitude
people breaking down setting fire to assaulted and the press is very careful to speak
look but it is only a minority island and on the condemns movement if they do not contaminate is the
movement I peaceful beautiful moment and even when I was on burning the
flag do other races than the Brazilian turn on the television there in
great ninja in general what he will find are journalists saluting these
movements without I am never in the including the word poly
is completely from the end of the quarantine isolation they forgot the
social distancing from wearing masks is now no problem because it is a
cause here the left supports it so everything is ok and then a question that I have
done it that you have also done for a long time is like these people who
now defend these manifestations I will explain to the people who lost
jobs that their companies had bankrupt that they could not leave home
to work for the flashlight and their livelihood but those who are going to the street
now I started acts of terrorism can come out under the applause of the press itself
the question remains is that I think the thoughts criticize me the sofa corner
on the move okay i'm old right and i went there only criticized now this is
that does gathering are also not criticize only that I already see the time right
the most important hotel that your life is your freedom ok you just want to steal yours
freedom and situation has nothing to offer you you get the password this is it
look at the conversation part of the study just put it in the corner you want to take the test even theirs
right I think no one gets five so I don't know I don't want to squeeze you
you know nothing are idiots it’s no use now I won’t give advice daddy
lucas our father can make the most possible mistakes to exercise control over the
the children do not leave some one and not in argentina in the body
smash smash why I left no I don’t know if there’s no right on
Argentine woman will go out and say that we are already there, we’re amazed that
you can't color it raises avenue populations much worse because our only
Argentine is a complicated debt that is almost priceless there and few
prospects of victory the Argentine people are our brothers but this week is a
reality how are you doing in venezuela are you tired of knowing how it is
we are in venezuela we want to get to the situation we are in
venezuela our economy hers sign of recovery electronic invoices
higher and more than what was opened, more taxes were collected, it's starting to
give signals to our economy more sells car also make tourism down
at least the internship is complicated even more, we already have some
small breathing activities and of course those measures that the governors
they will take in particular left-wing people I will see what the enemy looks like
what did you do to come and hit me, right? I’m going to talk about economics
federal you these are not all numbered I repeat are all that the mother
company is going to be criticizing the governor who despite this press here
brown plate there will be a job that was destroyed has no more chance
retrieve hotels there that the mall was closed I had photography of some
things from the mall here was messed up all lost it's not easy to get it all back
get the economy back when it was before you have to wait for the governors there to
rational way with master my opening speed moto is trade because
is and what it is really did many people
isn't that telling me that many people who were poor turn up
poor and middle-class people and become poor and if the picture
real that is in brazil and i see governors some some governors
doing to hit the chest and prolonging another quarantine is 15 days you me
call in mayor sao paulo but don't need são paulo
it's just a little more 15 days at home you have money even an employee, right?
can stay another month of hair a considerable part of the population does not have
one more reason what to eat the good news wasn’t I was talking here the reserved
there after people playpen thanks to god some newspapers são paulo there it was
thank you chat there and they want to accept the invitation to knock on the door and
good and you see the situation that the poverello is in gives no one else
it's holding on longer until the side effect is much greater than
those people who unfortunately losing their lives there placement of
last three months here the rodrigo tv incidence of a news
here the death of more waiting for the second world war pedro rossi already
passed away from the night of day three yesterday at the age of 99 he participated in 20 missions and
only itanhandu and I just have to thank here the
god soda at night does it in italy fight i am nou am beautiful
this is another hero we still have little they live in Brazil we even have
little time I had the hair glue owner of itapemirim in bed to the federal deputy
decision message for him was very touched right be it miguel making
mount a castle that he does if it is even he said the hair glue that the
letter of surrender from the German division which he took to the chief than the
operations here were the mask of more than 30 yard exercises
marshal mascarenhas that led to its fourth edition
and I think it is alive with glue hair not yet in this life yet but
I'm leaving and the chance we have honored and now while in life
they are great I am sorry here the payment of one more proof colleague here
pedro rossi try to photograph him our salute that I for rock come
I think it’s worth saying that anyone who calls these movements
terrorists the anti-fraud anti-fascists resolve the memory and
in these heroes that have to be more honored more recognized the best
almost 500 for second world war based the troop of approximately 25 thousand
500 lose left their lives on the battlefield of italy is it origin
of my family bolsonaro culture and pardini
and my genealogical family is part of it
it’s one more thing that I just doubt it’s yellow green people that have to have
God at heart who has a patriot and thinks of his country, which is conservative,
that work that are liberals who believe that brazil can change to
better for work is not staying at home is not worth it I will not attend this
movement that these people have nothing to offer us anything too good
too much is too much there are addicted or without saying as varied as possible is
that doesn’t match the majority of Brazilian society they want turmoil
I want a confrontation until a few days from now in Curitiba with break-break is in
the next day you can relax I didn’t even have wanderlei silva fighter
of our founder to alleviate right is he made a summons and believes that we
below and some 3,000 Brazilian patriots go to most of Curitiba
I went there at the government's square there to raise the Brazilian flag with lots of
honor the flag of Brazil that these criminals in black, you know, taking people in
true the black blocs had burned two days ago before burning the flag of the
your country and that's the adjective here because I
I am not a bad man, ok, it’s just one, it’s one thing I already think it’s worth the
people started here every now and then come back projects there to supposedly combat
fake news and you’ve talked about it here several times but just a word
What we are seeing at present is a clear attempt to criminalize
your supporters fighting that nobody explains what fake news is nobody shows it
what rivers would have been made in favor of the government but what do they try
deliver a narrative that everyone who defends the government the easy you are
controlled there or supposedly the oil cabinet is the biggest fake news in the history of
Brazil also the press invented a very stupid rebound performed quickly and the
idiots believe that logical others still believe here today that I want
gamedroid present me an offensive story to whoever it is that has
helped gave seeing as lies is because even during the campaign during the
campaign was accused by the sheet of são paulo rapid a car
it's fake news against pt i spend 12 million rest outside of brazil
joke all the reals of the campaign 12 million little is already fans of
staff donation issue now that helped in the campaign so the millions of
people who go voluntary if they want the material made a t-shirt went to the
public roads resulted our name is i thought i was a different one from
too, you know, we really got the sound of losing no more, all right
arrive as truth using even a biblical passage from john 32 elected us
then had action judged in the supreme haddad it was when wrong that he went to have
power the mind is measured I can put people who
use at dawn wake up, right? I even how much the woman can sleep if I stay
me and leave alone and I will look for the
side here so I liked the
oh everyone's laughing he has to write down anyone from Pernambuco
believe me is i think not build is going to have a
good surprise it won't be long
great part has some
with this help here it seems a little bit here with regard to that from there already
I also don't know that the fourth and fifth rentals will not be settled
emergency aid portion is going to be less than I know center to go
exactly leaving for the end here doesn’t give that every time we pay here
o this emergency aid is almost 40 billion reais is more than the three
months of Bolsa Família the state can't take it there gustavo non-taxpayer
now I can't take this one so it will stop giving up and it waits for you to
trade goes back to work informal ones go back to work as well as other
here also losing a job just doesn't have any more people within the measures of the
central government make the name of paulo guedes but our signature on the measures
temporary relief measures for small and micro
ps3 look there tomorrow friday 16 hours the group of ten evangelical pastors
are in the president of the republic and go there to say a prayer is common evangelical
to pray for the authorities to take it here is to see how to do it there
they seek there by faith and prayers to change the heads of the authorities that perhaps
deviating from what would be his main role than defense in his country
of the well-being of your family, this group of pastors is led by pastor silas
malafaia 16 hours ago so right
is hire will do this is a prayer was dedicating then there
little loving everyone that helps through your faith to change Brazil is not you
what evangelical do you want Christians and atheists also have no problem with
watch there malafaia the two or three of us will say something will give the
portrait I don't know if I will be given the floor or not but if it will
have any idea what I'm going to talk about right so 16 o'clock in the morning a big
internet meeting of Christians from all over Brazil on the command of the
pastor silas malafaia one more thing more in
the highest jump can find a book folks who attended the
my request in this event ok and let's go ahead good to stay tuned that these people
during easy is the new name of the black box and they actually want to steal your
freedom with staff until tomorrow 16 hours if god wants
what's up